# raw_data

This folder contains raw data on the commit/change history for this repository across the two branches, main and staging.

The file [CommitStateChangeA2G.v1.md](CommitStateChangeA2G.v1.md) contains data on commits with identifiers "A" to "G" (including checkout to staging and sync with main at the end).
- This file was completely autogenerated by I using completely human-generated high level description of the repository and its state changes (In one go, no adjustments).
- This is v1 of the data. Besides the describing state changes for repository data created explicitly to explore the method being investigated, it also contains information on changes to the state of 'createdir.sh' and 'squashmerge.sh' files.

The file [CommitStateChangeA2O.v1.md](CommitStateChangeA2O.v1.md) contains data on commits with identifiers "A" to "O" (including checkout to staging and sync with main at the end).
- The data for commit history identified by characters A to G was completely AI generated (powered by OpenAI, ChatGPT-4). The data for commit history identified by characters H to O was completely human-generated, but derived from the data for commit history for A to G.
- This is v1 of the data. Besides the describing state changes for repository data created explicitly to explore the method being investigated, it also contains information on changes to the state of 'createdir.sh' and 'squashmerge.sh' files.

The file [CommitStateChangeA2O.v2.md](CommitStateChangeA2O.v2.md) contains the same data as the first version of the file, with data on changes to files 'createdir.sh' and 'squash_merge.sh' removed.